Unplug
Take time to unplug from the rest of the world and spend more quality time with yourself and others
wellness, productivity, health, social
Limit browser usage to three tabs per day
Choose one day every week to stay offline
Limit screen time to 30 minutes after work or school

The First Button
Improve your productivity in the morning with these simple steps
productivity
Get out of bed when the alarm goes off
Make the bed
Spend five minutes meditating in the morning
Eat a healthy breakfast (fruits, protein)

Nourishment
Start healthy habbits and watch your attitude about life soar to new heights
health, attitude, wellness
Spend five minutes stretching in the morning before starting the day
Go on a quick walk after lunch every day

A Grateful Heart
Take time every day to increase how much gratitude you feel for what you have
attitude, optimism, gratitude
Daily record 3 things to be grateful for in a journal
Sincerely thank one person every day

Going Green
Contribute less to the energy crisis by using electricity less.
green, energy, efficiency
Drive less and walk/bike more when commuting
When required, take public transportation
Limit electricity usage at home by turning off lights when leaving the room

Promote Yourself
Increase your value in the workspace by doing these simple things every day.
work, attitude, optimism, productivity, self-image
Smile at people during work
Talk confidently, looking people in the eyes
Ask questions when they spring into my mind, always
Keep a list of todos and add an item as soon as it is made aware

Exercise
Promote better health by doing small and simple things every day.
health, exercise, body
Exercise for 30 minutes every day (run, walk, bike, hike, etc.)
Drink more water
Eat more fruits and veitables
Do 30 pushups every day
Do 50 situps every day
Stand more than I sit
Take the stairs instead of the elevator

Home Chef
Learn to cook more at home and eat healthier.
health, food, cooking
Make a simple breakfast every morning (eggs, potatoes, sausage, toast)
Eat a different lunch every day (not just the same-old sandwich and chips)
Plan a menu for the next week on Saturday and buy all the ingredients necessary
Find inspiration on Youtube and social media for recipies to try

Momma's Manners
Get back on track practicing the manners you learned when you were little.
optimisim, attitiude, manners
Hold the door for someone each day
Say "please" with every request and "thank you" when the request has been met
Don't swear in public. Think of other, more intelligent words to use.

Stay Connected
Reconnect with family and friends you haven't talked to in a long time.
family, social, connected, friends, technology
Email one old friend (such as a childhood friend or college roommate) once a week
Make two comments on two friends' social media posts each week
Call your family weekly

Fire it Up
Rekindle the romance with these simple steps.
love, romance, couple, marriage, husband, wife
Have date night once a week...and actually go out of the house
Leave little notes around the house for each other throughout the week
Cook dinner together and sit at a well-set table to visit while you eat

Bookworm
Tackle that reading list...or create a new one!
reading
Spend on hour each day reading a book, or try to finish one book a month
Write down thoughts you have as you are reading in the margin of the book or in a journal

Serve
Increase self-worth and your perspective on the world by getting out there to serve.
service, serve, optimism, gratitude
Commit to a monthly service project
Suggest new service projects to the community
Encourge friends and family to serve in their communities

